The Powercut
It is evening.
Peppa and George are in the sitting room
dancing to their favourite song.
Daddy pig is in the hallway
vacuuming the carpet.
And Mummy pig is in her study,
doing her important work on her computer.
OH!
Mummy, daddy,
it's gone all dark and the music is broken.
And my vacuum won't work.
And my computer has switched off.
Mummy pig tries the light switch.
But the lights do not come on.
It must be a power cut.
What's a power cut?
A power cut is when there is no electricity.
What's the electricity?
Electricity is what makes everything
in our house work.
Will electricity come back again?
Yes, but in the meantime,
we need to find a torch.
I think there's a torch is in the cellar...
Ok, I'll go and get it.
Will you be okay, daddy?
Hoho, I'll be fine.
I can see very well in the dark.
Who put that there...
Oh.
Daddy! Are you okay?
Yeah, it's just a bit dark down here.
Oh, I just remembered.
I think the torch is in the kitchen.
Aha, mummy pig has found the touch.
Can I hold the torch, mummy?
Okay!
George! Look at me!
Peppa is making a funny face.
Don't worry, George, it's only Peppa.
Oh, we'd bettertold daddy we found the torch.
Daddy is still in the cellar,
looking forthe torch.
I am sure it is here somewhere.
Daddy, we've found the torch.
Luckily, it was in the kitchen all the time.
What a stroke of luck!
Now we just have to wait until
the electricity comes back.
How long will that be, exactly?
I would say, exactly a long time.
Oh, but George and I
want to do some dancing.
I know what we can do.
We can watch the television.
Oh, it won't go on.
The tv needs electricity too.
Does it?
Yes.
Oh, now what are we going to do?
In the olden days
when there was no television
children would have to
made up theirown games.
I know, I need a cardboard box.
What is Peppa doing?
Mummy, would you cut a hole
in this box for me?
What for?
You'll see.
Mummy pig is cutting a hole
in the cardboard box.
There you are, Peppa.
Thank you.
No you all have to sit down there,
and George,
you have to point this torch on me.
Welcome to Peppa pig news
with me, Peppa pig.
Peppa has made herown television.
Today the whole world stop working
when there was a powercut
and all the electricity was lost.
Very good, Peppa.
Daddy pig says the electricity won't be back
fora long long time.
Oh, the electricity is back.
Hooray!
SHush! I haven't finished yet.
Switch the lights off.
Okay, Peppa.
Good.
I have some very important news.
The queen has just found
some more electricity
and says that everyone
can now be happy again.
Every good, Peppa!
Hooray!
Let's dance!
Peppa quite enjoyed the powercut.
But she's happy the electricity is back again.